Updating metatranscriptome documentation (#2991)
biocore/qiita: qiita_pet/support_files/doc/source/processingdata/processing-recommendations.rst

     - Genera: 2,264
     - Species: 11,852
     - Strains: 4,263

Metatranscriptome sample processing
------------------------------------

Sample processing guidelines for metatranscriptomic (metaT) data
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Total community RNA extracted from samples contain both coding and non-coding RNA. Typically, ribosomal RNA make up >90% of the library if not depleted prior to library construction.Ribosomal depletion allows for mRNA enrichment. Even if you are dealing with ribosomal RNA subtracted cDNA libraries, there will be some
residual ribosomal RNA in the libraries that you want to remove/separate from the non ribosomal RNA sequences.

Ribosomal read filtering
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`SortMeRNA <https://bioinfo.lifl.fr/RNA/sortmerna/>`_
is used for removal of ribosomal reads from quality filtered metaT data

Latest SortMeRNA version: v2.1

Input: Quality filtered metaT reads (Fasta/Fastq) 

> Ribosomal reads are identified by searching against pre-curated rRNA databases. Currently, rRNA databases covering bacteria, archaea and eukarya were downloaded from the SILVA and rfam databases and indexed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ribosomal reads are identified by searching against pre-curated rRNA databases. Currently, rRNA databases covering bacteria, archaea and eukarya were downloaded and indexed from `SILVA <https://www.arb-silva.de>`_ and `Rfam <https://rfam.xfam.org>`_.
```

> Currently indexed databases and their clustering ids:

Reviewer: If I am understanding correctly, the following is a list of the databases and the clustering thresholds that will be available on Qiita?

Author: That's correct. Currently I have them downloaded, indexed and tested the databases in Barnacle.
